Allow page types to easily restrict what type of requests they respond to (#12473)
wagtail/wagtail: docs/reference/models.md

    .. automethod:: get_admin_display_title

    .. autoattribute:: allowed_http_methods

        When customizing this attribute, developers are encouraged to use values from Python's built-in ``http.HTTPMethod`` enum in the list, as it is more robust, and makes use of values that already exist in memory. For example:

        .. code-block:: python

            from http import HTTPMethod

            class MyPage(Page):
                allowed_http_methods = [HTTPMethod.GET, HTTPMethod.OPTIONS]

>         The ``http.HTTPMethod`` enum wasn't added until Python 10, so if your project uses an older version of Python, you can use uppercase strings instead. For example:

Reviewer: Small docs fix, but I can add this if merging.

```suggestion
        The ``http.HTTPMethod`` enum wasn't added until Python 3.11, so if your project uses an older version of Python, you can use uppercase strings instead. For example:
```

https://docs.python.org/3/library/http.html#http.HTTPMethod
